Add x plugin docs (#233)
kubeshop/botkube-docs: docs/usage/executor/x.md

---
id: x

> title: "X plugin"

Reviewer: As discussed in previous PR, please consider changing a name to a bit more verbose one 👍

sidebar_position: 3
---

> The `x` executor plugin allows you to install and run CLIs directly from a chat window (e.g. Slack, Discord) without any hassle.
> 
> :::tip
> Interactivity in the form of buttons and dropdowns is also supported. It's crucial as you can easily run all your favourite tools against Kubernetes directly from your phone too.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `x` executor plugin allows you to install and run CLI applications directly from chat (e.g. Slack, Discord, or Mattermost) without any hassle.
It supports interactivity in a form of buttons and dropdowns. You can easily use all your favorite tools without typing, even from your mobile phone!
```

![x-demo](./assets/demo-x.gif)

# Usage

## Install CLI

To install a given CLI binary directly from a chat window, run:

```
@Botkube x install https://get.helm.sh/helm-v3.10.3-linux-amd64.tar.gz --file helm
```

## Execute CLI

To execute a CLI command, run:

```
@Botkube x run helm list -A
```

:::tip
For convenience, you can configure a Botkube alias, to simplify running `helm` commands:

```yaml
aliases:
  helm:
    command: x run helm
    displayName: "Helm CLI alias"
```

Later you can type just, `@Botkube helm list -A`.

> :::

Reviewer: While I totally understand the idea here, I think it might be confusing to list `helm` as well. WDYT about section like `Examples` and list there sample commands like helm, flux, argo, etc.? 2-3 of them for which you already prepared templates. Even alias example could be a bit different (e.g. argo CLI?) to avoid confusion with our current Helm plugin. 

Also, please describe the installation syntax a bit better (possible flags, url - what we use underneath; we can point to external docs for the dependency we use)

Something like:

``````md
## Install CLI

To install a given CLI binary directly from a chat window, run:

```
@Botkube x install {source}
```

TODO: Describe how the source should look like (point to the docs to our dependency etc.)

### Examples

- `@Botkube x install https://get.helm.sh/helm-v3.10.3-linux-amd64.tar.gz --file helm`
- ...

## Execute CLI

To execute a CLI command, run:

```
@Botkube x run {command}
```

### Examples

- `@Botkube x run helm list -A`
- ...
``````

> ## Interactive messages

Reviewer: Can we link to existing templates? It could be also a h3 "Examples" section.

This section describes how to use Botkube's `x` plugin to handle executed commands and convert them into interactive messages.

The `x` plugin supports templates that describe how to convert the command output into an interactive message. This allows you to select a single item from a dropdown and perform additional actions in the context of the selected item without typing anything.

### Syntax

Here is an example syntax that converts `helm list -A` command into an interactive message using Botkube's `x` plugin:

```yaml
templates:
  - trigger:
      command: "helm list"

>     type: "parser:table:space"

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more about the parsers? TBH I have no idea how `x` knows which field is `Name`, `Namespace` etc. I guess the table columns are parsed or maybe I'm wrong? Either way, please describe it in minimal way 😄
